Wow
this is insane
I don't want to know how many billions
of dollars of jets are down there and
today's crazy times going out for a
short flight every couple of weeks has
been a good way to clear my head and
stay proficient and this flight was
nothing short of epic and why meet our
going to four for Edgar Romeo for short
one two ready to go to home before the
Romeo Nintendo traffic's two miles
remember once you clip stick on the Left
down a fortune they'll take up one plea
left downwind forehead
[Music]
[Applause]
today's flight will take us to
Victorville California out in the Mojave
Desert this is one of several locations
throughout the United States where
airliners are storing unused jets during
the corona pandemic and along the way
we'll pass by some amazing orange
poppies in full bloom in the Mojave
Desert and keep watching later in the
video to see a low-level flyover of
those flowers
[Applause]
[Music]
alright guys so we're on our way to
Victorville to check out the planes that
are grounded on the runway there so a
lot of the airplanes have been storing
their jets out at Victorville it's a dry
location or open remote location there's
a company they're called comm a VA ssin
and they're kind of like a storage
facility company for these big airliners
that want to park their planes there for
a while so apparently right now there's
a bunch of delta planes Southwest planes
bidding out there on the ramp
they've actually closed one of the
runways and used it for parking of jets
both of Victorville has been a spot
where Southwest has been storing a lot
of their 737 maxes when they encountered
all the problems last year and I'm gonna
see if they'll let me do a low approach
over that runway maybe they'll give it
to me maybe they won't
Victorville uh it used to be an Air
Force Base
I think they closed it in early 90s 1992
I believe this called George Air Force
Base got a 15,000 foot runway which I
believe is the second longest in the
United States for a public Airport
behind Denver International so that's
kind of an interesting fact and the
Guinness Book of World Record for the
longest wheelie by an airplane was set
at Victorville Airport by a Cessna I
believe I did a wheelie there for
fourteen thousand three hundred and
nineteen feet
[Music]
Victorville normally has two runways
because of the reduced demand from the
pandemic runway two one has been closed
and turned into a parking lot for
aircraft a Victorville Tower Grumman -
for for Edgar Rio eight miles to the
east with Papa Legba request the little
pro summer one other one way to one
Grumman two four four echo Romeo Pixar
b5m wait - one is closed I can give you
an altitude restriction approach at or
above 500 AGL that's perfect that'd be
great coordinate okay so they granted a
low approach 500 feet AGL over the
runway this is gonna be pretty
interesting
Grumman for echo Romeo runway two one
again you are cleared for altitude
restricted low approach enter above 500
AGL alright here we go
never done this before this is truly a
unique scene that underscores this
unique moment in history
[Music]
[Applause]
there's something unnatural about seeing
all these aircraft sitting abandoned in
the Hot Desert Sun
they want to be flying they want to be
taking us to visit our family
our friends
and faraway destinations that we've
always dreamed about
[Music]
they're meant to bring the world
together in a time when we need to stay
apart
[Music]
every single one of these hundreds of
planes as a unique history with a
million different stories to tell
and hopefully one day very soon they
will begin to tell a million wine
[Music]
[Applause]
you know the total number you have right
now
not offhand but on the airfield I
believe it's over 400 Wow thank you
still have to come back when the next
batch gets in your eye one second to me
I'm not really here there's 15 projected
inbound southwest and Victorville is for
a Grammy Oh again thank you so much for
the accommodation and I will see you
next time good thing you have a nice
thing as well thing guys rock
victorville controllers if you think
they're doing any deals on those
airplanes there's a lot of them oh you
like a buy one get one free kinda thing
[Music]
Ramin - for for echo Romeo wins - 3 0 2
0 runway two-four clear lamp alright so
we made a quick stop at fox field and
we're gonna take off do a straight out
departure and over fly these amazing
poppy fields they have out here in the
desert that are in full bloom right now
and then we'll head back quick
[Music]
[Applause]
why the tower Drummond - for for Edgar
revealed new hall pass with Julian girl
for crew or run away once you could hit
little n 1 2 4 in the middle
[Music]
[Applause]
alright guys thanks Ron along watch the
video hope you had as much fun as I did
and if you haven't yet please like and
subscribe let's me know you guys like
the content that I'm making and I hope
everyone out there is safe and healthy
and don't forget keep watching those
hands
[Music]